c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.exe.config
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.exe
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.pdb
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.g.resources
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.exe
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.pdb
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.Model.dll
C:\Users\pc9\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Directory\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.Model.pdb
z:\COMPARTIDO_VM\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Directory2\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.exe.config
z:\COMPARTIDO_VM\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Directory2\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.exe
z:\COMPARTIDO_VM\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Directory2\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.pdb
C:\Users\Omar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PTeam\Directory2\Directory\bin\Debug\Directory.exe.config
C:\Users\Omar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PTeam\Directory2\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.exe
C:\Users\Omar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PTeam\Directory2\Directory\obj\Debug\Directory.pdb
